The correct answer happens to be x equals two,
y equals six, and z equals negative 1.0.
But why this one?
Well, let's follow this program step by step and keep track
of our variables and see why they ended up with those values.
I'll draw a table over here following the values of x,
y, and z, as they change.
X starts with zero,
so it has the value zero in it,
y is initialized to four,
and z is initialized to three.
But because it's stored as a double,
so it gets stored as 3.0.
The first statement here after these initializations is x equals x plus two.
So that's adding two to the current value of x and updating x.
The current value was zero, add two to it,
and then update x itself, making it two.
This one here is updating the variable z,
setting it to the value of the current value of x plus y minus seven.
So, we add the current value of x which is two,
and the current value of y which is four,
which gives us six, and then subtract seven,
giving us negative one.
So z gets updated from 3.0 to negative 1.0.
And then finally, y is equal to x times three.
Current value of x is two,
so multiply two by three,
giving us six, and we update y to get the value six.
So, by the time we reach those print statements,
x is equal to two,
y is equal to six,
and z is equal to negative 1.0.
And we're simply concatenating those values of those variables to those strings here,
so the output becomes x equals two,
y equals six, and z equals negative 1.0.